hello everybody sorry okay that should
be good mm-hmm angel in here hey Cade
the demon angel this is my one of my
other channels this is where I do the
devastating new movie and tutorials and
basically other movies that I make from
my channel um the reason why i have also
boys and why on my other channel I
haven't didn't videos for a while is
because basically I haven't been busy
lately yeah very busy um this close one
um anyway this as you can see from the
title this is how to make a moon open
tutorial for a very cheap price you know
um I completely came up with this idea
on my own I don't know if anyone else
had this idea before me if they did then
great for them you can go check out
their channel they're probably more
specific than me um but um basically I I
decided because on my other channel I'm
doing secret life of a mermaid and no
I'm not copying teenie 989 but um what
the three tails or whatever you know all
those people that I I just love to
mermaid things and I
was a great idea yeah it's not a crying
people okay um sorry Mickey oh ok now so
what you're going to need is cardboard
which I have right here you're going to
rather need a knife or some scissors and
you're going to need a pencil and you're
also going to need glue and Crocs or
flip-flops flip-flops in crocs are
recommended you can he is probably an
issue where basically but Crocs or
flip-flops are recommended but um
basically for making the moment Taylor
Finn I cannot speak today I can't speak
or write I can't even spell anything
right baby believe I'm groups of them
alone okay basically um what you want to
do you have a cardboard box and if you
have a same kind of flopped in me one
side basically you're gonna have to cut
open ever and if you are holding it it's
best tease the knife and um if you if
you're watching this and you want to
make a ponytail ah parents first for
permission you need your baby you're
granted permission to make this second
ball let the parents do the work
I'm next okay I've done this a lot so
don't worry what you want to do first is
that you outside you want to make the
shape of your mom tale there's a lot
like a mermaid stuff or whatever after
you do that start cutting our knifing
stabbing never reason why I'm doing that
is because of these flaps these flaps
are very bendy and if I have a little
tail like that that has a little flaps
and all Oh flapping all over the place
and basically anything like I'm keep a
basically basically melted anyway I'm
doing at least I've got 28 videos
that's the best I try to get the best I
never tried to copy and basically blew
it by all i know is that i do not hold
any of pictures babe yeah this is a very
very very very hard part okay might take
a while either with us what we do you
cut it out and you right back report to
cuz i may be okay